COMMITTEE: General Assembly
QUESTION OF: Measures to Significantly Reduce all Forms of Violence and Related Death Rates EverywhereMAIN MAIN SUBMITTER:Brazil
CO-SUBMITTER: Argentina, China Czech Republic


THE UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY,


Recalling Sustainable Development Goal 16 - peace, justice, and strong institution


Disturbed that one out of four Chinese housewives is beaten by their husbands,s


Taking into consideration, gun/domestic violence has been a serious crime that led to an approximate of 60,000 deaths in a single year,


Emphasizing the fact 73,505 injuries and 33,636 Deaths related to firearms,


Deeply concerned by the fact that numerous countries around the world are still not taking an immediate and comprehensive resolution to the huge issue of gun violence


1.  Calls upon all member states to restrict individuals from using domestic violence to hurt, abuse or kill people because of reasons by:
1. Increase the time of imprisonment globally when domestic violence happens so that,
2. Do not provide tolerance to people in court unless the matter is small and can be excused with a small punishment
3. Actively promoting governmental organizations or NGO where women can easily reach out help whenever domestic violence occurs;


2. Encourages all governments to prohibit the use of gun usage by enforcing laws and educating the young about the mass destruction caused by guns by:
   1. No firearms allowed except during political wars or other situations officially accepted by the government
   2. Gradually decrease the production of guns from companies
   3. Sending professionals to schools to educate the young generation;


GUYS USE THIS WEBSITE FOR PREAMBULATORY CLAUSE+OPERATIVE CLAUSE HEADINGS
->>>>> LINK




































1 min Speech


This resolution should be passed by the community because of the reasons that this delegate is going to talk about. First, the delegates’ resolution supports the ban of firearms, which is helpful for the international community, because firearms are creating mass destructions along with numerous casualties of innocent people. These firearms are created by companies that mass produce guns. These solutions all base on the vital responsibility of countries to educate the young generation about the dangers and harms of gun violence. Gun violence may also intentionally be used in different focuses, and this may include domestic violence. Domestic violence also is a current issue, harming citizens especially women by assaulting and raping. Our resolution also further effectively block domestic violence by giving harsher punishments and elongating the imprisonment period or providing tolerance to domestic violence criminals, but most significantly promoting organizations where women can eagerly reach out help whenever domestic violence occurs. 


Rebut 2 the POI: No, since the young generation will learn abt guns at a young age, they are capable of learning about guns more effectively and will be able to learn abt harming parts and 
POI2: Harsher Measures on guns, thats what we said like harsher rules on guns so no illegal, we will take care of that with 
POI3: HARSHER RULES, so no illegal guns will be sold online or offline since countries will block them/